FIX Feature and FeatureCollection support to implement geometry normalization (#4126)
telefonicaid/fiware-orion: doc/manuals/user/ngsiv2_implementation_notes.md

* MultiLineString
* Polygon
* MultiPolygon

More information on the tests conducted can be found [here](https://github.com/telefonicaid/fiware-orion/issues/3586).

The types `Feature` and `FeatureCollection` are also supported, but in a special way. You can
use `Feature` or `FeatureCollection` to create/update `geo:json` attributes. However, when

> the attribute value is retrieved (GET resposes or notifictaions) you will get only the content of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the attribute value is retrieved (GET resposes or notifictaions) you will get only the content of:
```

* the `geometry` field, in the case of `Feature`
* the `geometry` field of the first item of the `features` array, in the case of `FeatureCollection`

Note that actually Orion stores the full value used at `Feature` or `FeatureCollection`
creation/updating time. However, from the point of view of normalization with other `geo:json` types,
it has been decided to return only the `geometry` part. In the future, maybe a flag to return
the full content would be implemented (more detail [in this issue](https://github.com/telefonicaid/fiware-orion/issues/4125)).

> Additionally, with regards to `FeatureCollection`, and addition check is done. It is accepted at
> creation/update time only if it contains a single `Feature` (i.e. the `features` field has
> only one element).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With regards to `FeatureCollection`, it is only accepted at creation/update time only if it contains a single 
`Feature` (i.e. the `features` field has only one element). Otherwise , Orion would return an `BadRequest`error
with the following `description`: `features in FeatureCollection has more than 1 item`

```

Author: Fixed in [f6969d1](https://github.com/telefonicaid/fiware-orion/pull/4126/commits/f6969d13359241aeec562d09b1544d41ea946c01)

Reviewer: In that make sense to delete the `description` explanation in the text. I still makes sense. 
```suggestion
With regards to `FeatureCollection`, it is only accepted at creation/update time only if it contains a single 
`Feature` (i.e. the `features` field has only one element). Otherwise , Orion would return an `BadRequest`error.

```

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```
